or the one that so many subscribers already
are in this video today I bring you what
what is how to create your portal in belgrade
and for this what are these are the
iron pots iron buckets like
they said he decides where he pointed
a diamond peak
and other tools that right now
I say when to create this stone
which is the most essential as good as the
I have to join water with lava
the water makes it get very easy here
down in the rivers and the iron and back
in the lava we have to dig in the
mines and see if you can go lava rivers
charge of nothing we choose that I had
all is very simple and you have to throw
to here and here is water or lava
It is worth mentioning that to be able to remove
those black stones
we have to wait with a peak of
diamond with a diamond peak
we can use an iron peak or gold
diamond
well once we've taken the
pieces to make the portal we have it
that put in this way four base
here for four of height here I lacked order
here and another that everything needs to close
here it's worth we go down
we were this stone
as you can see there are 1 2 3 4 and we have
here again 1 2
4 and 5
you are going to see that I have put in
way that I told them was true
work let's put it here
we select it and we do not have to cycle
this crisis
what is expected from father
we need an iron cube
an iron glove and a flint and you
we create vale
and we have to give him what he is and
I extend control of the xbox
and we can see that this is created as
she has the power to decide where she screams
to pass and only for the cutouts
we would be
perform late it matters on which side and
stay here as the screen that
comes
all the crohn
we hope that we load
as you can see here is already what it is
the euro to the world hell as what
it was my foot here we see what
our stone is joined to whoever ends us
to say that if we put fire on him
it will go out and I checked it is true
never goes off good just for just
return to your home or whatever you want
tell him that we are going to put this portal
good guys, this has been everything and
thanks for sicarm and video subscribe and
regards